docs/features.md, before:

# Features

- Simple [Flask](https://github.com/pallets/flask)-inspired design - build a scraper with decorators.
- Uses [Playwright](https://playwright.dev/python/) API - run your scraper in Chrome, Firefox and Webkit and leverage Playwright's powerful selector engine supporting CSS, XPath, text, regex, etc.
- Data grouping - group related results.
- URL pattern matching - run functions on specific URLs.
- Priority - reorder functions based on priority.
- Setup function - enable setup steps (clicking dialogs or login).
- Navigate function - enable navigation steps to move to other pages.
- Custom storage - option to save data to other formats or database.
- Async support - write async handlers.
- Option to use other parser backends aside from Playwright.
    - [BeautifulSoup4](https://www.crummy.com/software/BeautifulSoup/bs4/doc/) - `pip install pydude[bs4]`
    - [Parsel](https://github.com/scrapy/parsel) - `pip install pydude[parsel]`
    - [lxml](https://lxml.de/) - `pip install pydude[lxml]`
    - [Pyppeteer](https://github.com/pyppeteer/pyppeteer) - `pip install pydude[pyppeteer]`
    - [Selenium](https://github.com/SeleniumHQ/Selenium) - `pip install pydude[selenium]`
- Option to follow all links indefinitely (Crawler/Spider). WARNING: Do not use yet until https://github.com/roniemartinez/dude/pull/27 has been implemented.

Commit message:

✨ Add shutdown event and save per page option (#102)
* ✨ Add shutdown event and save per page option

* Update documentation and tests

* Lint

* Add docstring

* Bump version

* Update feature list

* Add test for shutdown

docs/features.md, after:

# Features

- Simple [Flask](https://github.com/pallets/flask)-inspired design - build a scraper with decorators.
- Uses [Playwright](https://playwright.dev/python/) API - run your scraper in Chrome, Firefox and Webkit and leverage Playwright's powerful selector engine supporting CSS, XPath, text, regex, etc.
- Data grouping - group related results.
- URL pattern matching - run functions on specific URLs.
- Priority - reorder functions based on priority.
- Setup function - enable setup steps (clicking dialogs or login).
- Navigate function - enable navigation steps to move to other pages.
- Custom storage - option to save data to other formats or database.
- Async support - write async handlers.
- Option to use other parser backends aside from Playwright.
    - [BeautifulSoup4](https://www.crummy.com/software/BeautifulSoup/bs4/doc/) - `pip install pydude[bs4]`
    - [Parsel](https://github.com/scrapy/parsel) - `pip install pydude[parsel]`
    - [lxml](https://lxml.de/) - `pip install pydude[lxml]`
    - [Pyppeteer](https://github.com/pyppeteer/pyppeteer) - `pip install pydude[pyppeteer]`
    - [Selenium](https://github.com/SeleniumHQ/Selenium) - `pip install pydude[selenium]`
- Option to follow all links indefinitely (Crawler/Spider).
- Events - attach functions to startup, pre-setup, post-setup and shutdown events.
- Option to save data on every page.
