docs/advanced/12_pyppeteer.md, before:

# Pyppeteer Scraper

Option to use [Pyppeteer](https://github.com/pyppeteer/pyppeteer) as parser instead of Playwright has been added in [Release 0.8.0](https://github.com/roniemartinez/dude/releases/tag/0.8.0).
Pyppeteer is an optional dependency and can only be installed via `pip` using the command below.

=== "Terminal"

    ```bash
    pip install pydude[pyppeteer]
    pyppeteer-install # (1)
    ```

    1. Download recent version of Chromium

## Required changes to your code in order to use Pyppeteer

Instead of Playwright's ElementHandle objects when using Playwright as parser, Pyppeteer has its own ElementHandle objects that are passed to the decorated functions.


=== "Python"

    ```python
    from dude import select


    ```


## Running Dude with Pyppeteer 

You can run Pyppeteer parser using the `--pyppeteer` command-line argument or `parser="pyppeteer"` parameter to `run()`.


=== "Terminal"

    ```commandline
    dude scrape --url "<url>" --pyppeteer --output data.json path/to/file.py
    ```

=== "Python"

    ```python
    if __name__ == "__main__":
        import dude

        dude.run(urls=["https://dude.ron.sh/"], parser="pyppeteer", output="data.json")
    ```


## Examples

Examples are can be found at [examples/pyppeteer_sync.py](https://github.com/roniemartinez/dude/tree/master/examples/pyppeteer_sync.py) and [examples/pyppeteer_async.py](https://github.com/roniemartinez/dude/tree/master/examples/pyppeteer_async.py).

Commit message:

Implement Text selector
- Update Parsel and lxml scrapers to use XPath contains()

docs/advanced/12_pyppeteer.md, after:

# Pyppeteer Scraper

Option to use [Pyppeteer](https://github.com/pyppeteer/pyppeteer) as parser instead of Playwright has been added in [Release 0.8.0](https://github.com/roniemartinez/dude/releases/tag/0.8.0).
Pyppeteer is an optional dependency and can only be installed via `pip` using the command below.

=== "Terminal"

    ```bash
    pip install pydude[pyppeteer]
    pyppeteer-install # (1)
    ```

    1. Download recent version of Chromium

## Required changes to your code in order to use Pyppeteer

Instead of Playwright's `ElementHandle` objects when using Playwright as parser, Pyppeteer has its own `ElementHandle` objects that are passed to the decorated functions.
The decorated functions will need to accept 2 arguments, `element` and `page` objects. 
This is needed because Pyppeteer elements does not expose a convenient function to get the text content.

!!! info

    Pyppeteer only supports async

=== "Python"

    ```python
    from dude import select


    @select(css="a.url")
    async def result_url(element, page): # (1)
        handle = await element.getProperty("href") # (2)
        return {"url": await handle.jsonValue()} # (3)
    
    
    @select(css=".title")
    async def result_title(element, page):
        return {"title": await page.evaluate("(element) => element.textContent", element)} # (4)
    ```

    1. In addition to `element` objects, `page` objects are also needed.
    2. Attributes/Properties can be accessed using `getProperty()`.
    3. `jsonValue()` is used to convert Pyppeteer objects to Python types.
    4. `Page.evaluate()` is used to get the element's text content.

## Running Dude with Pyppeteer 

You can run Pyppeteer parser using the `--pyppeteer` command-line argument or `parser="pyppeteer"` parameter to `run()`.

=== "Terminal"

    ```commandline
    dude scrape --url "<url>" --pyppeteer --output data.json path/to/file.py
    ```

=== "Python"

    ```python
    if __name__ == "__main__":
        import dude

        dude.run(urls=["https://dude.ron.sh/"], parser="pyppeteer", output="data.json")
    ```

## Limitations

1. Pyppeteer only supports async.
2. Pyppeteer does not support XPath 2.0, therefore not allowing regular expression.

## Examples

Examples are can be found at [examples/pyppeteer_async.py](https://github.com/roniemartinez/dude/tree/master/examples/pyppeteer_async.py).
